Add reference to dependency chart (#20)
p2pcommons/working-group: README.md

We realize these might not be the easiest to read, because minutes get messy sometime. Also, because the meetings sometimes include talk about other work related to the p2pcommons (e.g., [Hypergraph](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz)), it might be a bit confusing. Any comments or questions are welcome as [an issue](https://github.com/p2pcommons/working-group/issues/new).

> See also the [dependency chart](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/libscie/business-plan/master/assets/dependency-chart.png) for an overview of products the Liberate Science team works on and their external dependencies. These developments inform the [`p2pcommons`](https://github.com/p2pcommons). Right now, the working group covers all the Liberate Science products. If more teams join the working group on `p2pcommons`, we will try to reflect those here too.

Reviewer: isn't it that the working group contains the lib scie team with all of its projects, instead of covering them?

Reviewer 2: Yes, true. :)

Author: How about:

> Right now, the working group consists of the Liberate Science team and covers their products.

We realize these might not be the easiest to read, because minutes get messy sometime. Also, because the meetings sometimes include talk about other work related to the p2pcommons (e.g., [Hypergraph](https://github.com/hypergraph-xyz)), it might be a bit confusing. Any comments or questions are welcome as [an issue](https://github.com/p2pcommons/working-group/issues/new).

> See also the [dependency chart](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/libscie/business-plan/master/assets/dependency-chart.png) for an overview of products we work on and their external dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See also the [dependency chart](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/libscie/business-plan/master/assets/dependency-chart.png) for an overview of products the Liberate Science team works on and their external dependencies. These developments inform the `p2pcommons`. If more teams join the working group on `p2pcommons`, we will try to reflect those there too.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/libscie/business-plan/master/assets/dependency-chart.png)
```

Reviewer 2: Some text suggestions and the suggestion to add the visual into the README directly (but I have no strong opinion on this)

Reviewer: good idea to be explicit about what "we" means and open it up this way

Reviewer: what about linking to http://github.com/p2pcommons/?

It took me a bit to understand the second half of your suggestion, because I didn't understand that hypergraph is a team that joined the p2pcommons working group

Author: Last bit changed to:

> Right now, the working group covers all the Liberate Science products. If more teams join the working group on `p2pcommons`, we will try to reflect those here too.
